[bitnami/rabbitmq] Add section to cover cluster recovery (#5455)
bitnami/charts: bitnami/rabbitmq/README.md

extraPlugins="my-custom-plugin"
```

### Recovering the cluster from complete shutdown

> > Note: Some of these procedures can lead to data loss, always make a backup beforehand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> IMPORTANT: Some of these procedures can lead to data loss, always make a backup beforehand.
```

> The RabbitMQ cluster is able to support multiple node failures but, in a situation in which all the nodes are brought down at the same time, the cluster might not be able to self-recover. This happens if the pod management policy of the statefulset is not `Parallel` and the last pod to be running wasn't the first pod of the statefulset. If that happens, update the pod management policy to recover a healthy state:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The RabbitMQ cluster is able to support multiple node failures but, in a situation in which all the nodes are brought down at the same time, the cluster might not be able to self-recover.

This happens if the pod management policy of the statefulset is not `Parallel` and the last pod to be running wasn't the first pod of the statefulset. If that happens, update the pod management policy to recover a healthy state:
```

```console
$ kubectl delete statefulset STATEFULSET_NAME --cascade=false
$ helm upgrade RELEASE_NAME bitnami/rabbitmq \
    --set podManagementPolicy=Parallel \
    --set replicaCount=NUMBER_OF_REPLICAS \
    --set auth.password=PASSWORD \
    --set auth.erlangCookie=ERLANG_COOKIE
```

For a faster resyncronization of the nodes, you can temporarily disable the readiness probe by setting `readinessProbe.enabled=false`. Bear in mind that the pods will be exposed before they are actually ready to process requests.

> More information: [Clustering Guide: Restarting](https://www.rabbitmq.com/clustering.html#restarting).

Reviewer: We should ideally add references at the bottom of the section

Author: Done

> If the steps above don't bring the cluster to a healthy state, it could be possible that none of the RabbitMQ nodes think they were the last node to be up during the shutdown. In those cases, you can force the boot of the nodes by specifying the `clustering.forceBoot=true` parameter. Doing so will execute [`rabbitmqctl force_boot`](https://www.rabbitmq.com/rabbitmqctl.8.html#force_boot) on the pods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the steps above don't bring the cluster to a healthy state, it could be possible that none of the RabbitMQ nodes think they were the last node to be up during the shutdown. In those cases, you can force the boot of the nodes by specifying the `clustering.forceBoot=true` parameter (which will execute [`rabbitmqctl force_boot`](https://www.rabbitmq.com/rabbitmqctl.8.html#force_boot) in each pod):
```
